[Autogenerated] All right, we have the lambda dot template file open.
This is these template that we're gonna use to deploy the stack If
you've ever worked with CloudFormation before.
You know, it's pretty verbose in particular because it's in JSON,
which just tends to be very verbose.
You can also use Yamil,
but I prefer JSON because that's just what I like scrolling through here.
First, we define our parameters for the Dynamo DB table that is deployed,
so we have to define some attributes and keys so we'll scroll through those.
Then we have to define the read and write capacity
units for this dynamodb table.
No big deal.
Those all have default values.
We don't have to submit a parameter for those scrolling down some more.
We get into the parameters that we are specifying
values for so the function bucket, the function key,
the Lambda Security Group and the sub Net IDs.
And you could see the type in there is comma delimited list.
So it's actually looking for a string, not a list object type from terra form,
which is why we had to do that conversion.
Then we get into the resources and there's a few resources here.
The first is the Dynamo DB table.
We are naming that Globo orders,
and we're setting up a stream specifications and a stream
view type to work with the Lambda Function.
Going into the attributes definitions, we've got two attributes here.
One is username, which is set up in the parameters,
and the second one is Time stamp.
And then we have to set up a key schema for that as well.
Below that,
we get into our provisioned throughput for read and write capacity units.
And that's everything for the Dynamo DB table.
Pretty straightforward.
The next thing is the role.
This is the role that the land of function is going to assume,
So we need to give it permissions first to assume the role so that
assume role policy document allows it to do that.
Then we have two sets, um, policies.
What is this land of function able to do so we'll
scroll down into policies here,
and we see that we are allowing it to invoke itself,
so that's probably pretty important.
Then we're allowing it to interact with logs in a few different ways,
scrolling down some more.
We get into the Dynamo db permissions.
So its able to get information from the Dynamo DB as well as
described the streams that are available from that dynamo DB
table scrolling down a little bit more.
We give it the permissions to publish to SNS,
which is part of what's in the function and then,
lastly.
And this is the really important one.
We are giving it the ability to create a network interface,
described network interfaces and delete network interfaces for E C two,
which is what allows it to create those network interfaces in the VPC.
So that's the I am role for the land of function scrolling down.
Let's look at the function itself.
So we're creating a function named publish orders.
We're telling it where the code is.
So the code is in Ann S3 bucket,
and we refer back to the parameter of that bucket,
and then we also refer to the S3 key where it is stored in that bucket.
Then we assigned the role that we just created to this Lambda function.
It's going down a little bit more.
We set the handler and the runtime for Node.js and then in vpc config.
It needs two pieces of information it needs that security group IDE to
associate with the network interfaces it will create and then the sub net IDs
where it's going to create those network interfaces.
So we have supplied all of that information through parameters.
Then we get into the last section, which is outputs.
The outputs are the name of the Dynamo DB table and
then the arm of the Lambda Function,
and those are to fairly useful pieces of information in most configurations.
All right, so that's everything in the template.
We're not gonna go through what's in the Lambda function
because it's not entirely functional.
Anyway.
It's really just important that we can deploy the Lambda
function to prove out the concept. So let's go ahead and get this configuration deployed.